Front page Welcome Text: 


Welcome to Guildhouse LEGENDS!

Hosted on our Discord Server, our experience for players offers:
●	Earn levels and magic items as you play - keep them for your next adventure! 
●	Work towards making your character LEGENDARY - and get access to unique high-level quests. 
●	Self‑contained one‑shots with unique stories and resolutions.
●	$20 per four-hour game session with multiple times and days to choose from.  
●	Level Brackets determine starting gear and difficulty - level up over time!
●	All experience levels, gender identities, and backgrounds are welcome! 




DM Descriptions:
My name is Mason and I’m one of the Dungeon Masters running games on this server. Dungeons and Dragons has always been a great way for me to feed my nerdy tendencies while engaging in a social activity that feels fun and encouraging. I hope that with 10 years of Dungeon Master experience, I can bring the same experience to the players here at Guildhouse Legends. I am always trying to find new ideas and stories to explore within the main core pillars of DnD: Exploration, Roleplay, and Combat. Many games I run will try to have elements of all of these present. However, some games will focus more heavily on one of these in an attempt to let that aspect of the game shine. I always strive to create engaging NPCs, settings full of depth and character, and adventures that push the bounds of your creativity and curiosity. I enjoy facilitating these types of cooperative games and look forward to seeing new players at the table each week!

I’m Slater — a long time gamer, professional entertainer, and thespian at heart. For the past 7 years, I’ve worked in the entertainment industry while playing and facilitating Dungeons & Dragons. My Dungeon Master style is rooted in theater and I endeavor to bring that approach to all of my stories and in-game characters. I focus on performance, character, and imagination above all else. Players in the games I run should feel immersed in the fantasy world we create together, and free to express themselves through their character’s eyes. Maps, music, and dice are tools we use to bring our imaginations into the game. Using our collective imaginations and the tools we have at our disposal, I look forward to the situations and stories we’ll face together! 



Next Steps Page Content:

(Put flow chart here)

Join our Discord page here: https://discord.gg/edKrk9KM
